## docker tasks

As a Devops you are asked to make use of Docker in production.
This is a working example with the Dockerfile, but it has some issues.

1. If any of the files in the folder changes, yarn reinstalls all dependencies from scratch.
   Would you be able to modify the Dockerfile to leverage Docker layer caching?
2. The application runs as a root. Is it possible to force it to run under an unprivileged user?
3. A developer wants to use the same Dockerfile for development on their local machine, but it
   requires rebuilding the image every time. Is there a way to improve it?

Answers
1. need to change the sequence, the source in that COPY command is the entire repo. 
Changing anything in the repo therefore invalidates nearly every layer generated by the Dockerfile.
If we could sequence COPYing the directory after RUNning the yarn install 
we would be freer to alter the application code without incurring the penalty of reRUNning the yarn install step. 
yarn install requires exactly two files: package.json and yarn.lock
so we only need to COPY those two files before the RUNning the yarn install step. 
We still need nearly the entire source directory before we can run the yarn start step



2. Yes,  edit the dockerfile to create a new group called user and a new user inside the group with the same name. 
Using the USER option, user can be switched



3. Yes, it is possible to share the code with a started container by using bind mounts, instead of creating a new image on each change.Can be done using docker bind mount.
First build the docker image 

$ docker build -t myapp/yarn

Then mount the local directory to working directory in the docker container

$ docker run -it --mount "type=bind,source=$(pwd)/devops-challenge-sl/1-docker,target=/app" myapp/yarn
